161 Delete publications in public workspace (#1092)
LayerManager/layman: doc/rest.md

   - The username of the user to be deleted.

### DELETE User

> Delete a user account including his [personal workspace](models.md#personal-workspace) and all publications in this workspace (layers and maps). Publications in the public workspace are also removed if the user is the only one with both read and write permissions. If another user has write access, only the owner's permissions are removed. If any user has read access, the deletion is aborted. Deletion rights can also be granted to users or roles defined in the GRANT_DELETE_OTHER_USER environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete a user account including his [personal workspace](models.md#personal-workspace) and all publications in this workspace (layers and maps). Publications in the public workspace are also removed if the user is the only one with both read and write permissions. If another user has write access, only the owner's permissions are removed. If any user has read access, the deletion is aborted. Rights to delete other user account can be granted with [GRANT_DELETE_OTHER_USER](env-settings.md#GRANT_DELETE_OTHER_USER).
```
